hey guys it's just a really simple
little speed video I've done here on
repairing a broken screen and a lenovo
laptop most screen changes on laptops
and men are the same and any computer
repair specialist will download charge
around 100 or 50 to 100 pounds to repair
this I personally charge around 30 to 40
pounds to repair plus the price of the
new panel but in this speed rear i'm
going to show you just how simple it is
to actually change these screens
yourself
you
so hopefully you enjoyed that and just
seeing how simple it is to do these
panel changes and if you like this
series then let me know in the comments
now be sure to do some more speed
repairs may be watching please like
going to subscribe and the song is
called fly away the link to it in the
description copyright free and all that
lot thank you for watching please like
and subscribe I shall see you again in
the next one